New year Messages in English

Nights are Dark,
but Days are Light,
Wish your Life will always be Bright.
So my Dear don’t get Fear Coz,
God Gift us a “BRAND NEW YEAR”
* HAPPY NEW YEAR *

I met love, health, peace & joy,
They needed a permanent place to stay.
I gave them your address
hope they arrived safely
“Happy New Year”

When you are lonely, I wish you Love!
When you are down, I wish you Joy!
When you are troubled I wish you Peace!
When things seem empty, I wish you Hope!
With all above wishes, Have A Very Happy New Year.

Another year of success and happiness has passed.
With every new year, comes greater challenges and obstacles in life.
I wish you courage, hope and faith to overcome all the hurdles you face.
May you have a great year and a wonderful time ahead, God bless you.
Happy New Year.

Wishing you a Happy New Year with hope that you will have many blessings in the year to come.

Lighten up your surroundings with your sweet smile and make way for happiness with your good deeds this New Year. Happy New Year.

Lets celebrate this blissful, cheerful, colorful New year with a smile.
Wish you Happy new year.

I wish you spend a great year ahead that starts with happiness and ends with that too.Happy New year.

My wishes for you are not limited to just the next year but to all the years that you experience in your lifetime and in your reincarnations!
Have a fun-filled, smashing, rocking and happening New Years!

New Year is not about changing the Dates but Direction;
It's not about changing the Calendar but Commitment;
It's not about changing the Actions but Attitude;
It's not about changing the Fruit but Faith, Force and Focus!
May you Commit and Create the best New Year ever!

There are a lot of things in the world yet to be seen and experienced.
Live your life, explore new horizons, go for new adventures this New Year and you will not regret it.
Happy New Year.

As we bring this year to an end and the New Year begins. Let us pray that it will be a year with New Peace, New Understanding and New Happiness.

May this new year bring peace and joy in your life and take you towards excellence.
Wishing you a very happy new year. 

Lets welcome the year which is fresh and new,
Lets cherish each moment it beholds,
Lets celebrate this blissful new year.

May this new year all your dreams turn into reality and all your efforts into great achievements.
Happy New Year.
